Whenever I find that there's an increase in tempo. To tell you the truth,
you just go into auto mode before you know it. Like it's six o'clock
in the morning and, uh, you eat breakfast. You think you eat breakfast
and there could be, Ah, dinner in there, but all of a sudden
you're in Iraq about toe knock out and sleep So some people don't really
like that, that extra sweaty running work. But for me, like like
that just made the day go by a lot by a lot quicker. And, um, you
know, if you're doing interesting work, So, for instance, like, let's
say, there's, ah, a casualty control procedure. Um, you're down in
the plants and then the reactor scram. Then all of a sudden, you have
to, like, go to your post and you know, turns from switches and
call into the watch up through this and you have tow, you know, like,
uh, put on your PPE to go fight a fire, you know, then those can actually
be kind of kind of exciting, and you actually look forward to
those those high temple times